5hed in 4d REAL
 Is Jorb going to be for sale? Dude, I don't even know what the Jorb could be. Like a marble? How many people even buy this marble? 4-Head in 4-D? Real? I've got a good idea. Thank you, David, if I get 5! Hi, Jelly, it was my birthday 3 days ago. Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you, David! Happy birthday to you! Like a snow globe Jorb?  Are we really going to Zatsu about merch ideas? Because that would be crazy. Thank you, Levi, I'm gonna save a month. I could play Katawa Shoujo. I don't feel like it. I feel like...  I feel like... A multitude of games. And...  And...  None of them are Katawa Shoujo. Thank you, Kusa! Is feeling sick after eating rat meat normal? 

hii Jelly it was my birthday 3 ago can you sing me a happy birthday 
 Is Jorb going to be for sale? Dude, I don't even know what the Jorb could be. Like a marble? How many people even buy this marble? 4-Head in 4-D? Real? I've got a good idea. Thank you, David, if I get 5! Hi, Jelly, it was my birthday 3 days ago. Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you, David! Happy birthday to you! Like a snow globe Jorb?  Are we really going to Zatsu about merch ideas? Because that would be crazy. Thank you, Levi, I'm gonna save a month. I could play Katawa Shoujo. I don't feel like it. I feel like...  I feel like... A multitude of games. And...  And...  None of them are Katawa Shoujo. Thank you, Kusa! Is feeling sick after eating rat meat normal? 

Stop being cute, the fish eyed lens won't make me fall for this cute Jorb. Btw do you know the song Die with a smile? I would love to hear to sing it sometime, if you feel like it. 
 Hey, Julie. Hi, Piku. Welcome to the stream. Please enjoy our stay. New plushie merch. We're thinking of it. We're thinking of it. We're thinking of it. It's... Likely...  Or I will fight for it till the day I die. Plushie merch.  What I walk into. Welcome! Stop being cute. The fisheye lines will make me fall for this cute jorb. By the way, do you know the song Die With a Smile? I do! I can do it that. With... Myself. Yeah. Maybe like a docky rerun. I don't know. I'd have to ask what can be rerun and what can be not rerun. You know? I know. I know. I know.  I've been...  I've been listening to a lot of modern songs recently. Thank you. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye for the Vibes. Welcome. Welcome, welcome. Welcome. Enjoy your stay, everybody. Welcome.  Welcome. 

Weirdge
 Straying too far from my brand. We can play baseball here. You guys see the new...  The new Danganronpa baseball game? Oh, well, not Danganronpa. But like... Danganronpa... Art...  And story. I think...  Hey, go dang it by the far. Weird.  Weird. Don't weird me. What even is the brand anymore? I know. I know. What is my brand? My brand is up to...  Up to...  It's for you to decide. Are you streaming from inside a jar? No, you're just...  Hold on. I got it. You're just seeing me from a camera that has...  That's fish-eyed. Hold on. I think I have a...  I think I have a thing. I think I have a thing. To like... Like a thing. That's like a camera. It's like a ca...  Actually, let me make it. I'm pretty sure I can make this. Yeah, Tribe 9.  Yeah, this game...  This game called Treadnought. I played the beta. 

Remember that time Jelly said "I'M GONNA JORB!" and then jorbed all over chat?
 I got...  Actually signed up for beta access. And I played it... For...  Like...  Like...  A month? No. Two, three...  Three months ago, I think? Yeah, I played it like...  Before it even released on...  On...  On Steam. Because I guess they told us to not play it...  Before the start date of the beta. And I played it anyways. And they forgot to restrict us from playing it. So I just played it. And then I just randomly got disconnected in the middle of the game. So I had to play all the way from the beginning. Thank you! The Steelaboy. Remember that time Jelly said I'm gonna jorb?  And then jorbed all over the place...  All over chat? Yeah, I do. So I'm gonna give me one low-res image...  And ask me to make a plushie out of it. If you want to make plushie...  Please make a design or more pictures. Can...  Can you make plushies from...  From drawings? Even though they're from the front view only? Just for a personal project? 

Sakana give me 1(one) low res image and ask me to make a plushie out of it. If you want to make plushie pls make a design or more pictures 
 And I played it... For...  Like...  Like...  A month? No. Two, three...  Three months ago, I think? Yeah, I played it like...  Before it even released on...  On...  On Steam. Because I guess they told us to not play it...  Before the start date of the beta. And I played it anyways. And they forgot to restrict us from playing it. So I just played it. And then I just randomly got disconnected in the middle of the game. So I had to play all the way from the beginning. Thank you! The Steelaboy. Remember that time Jelly said I'm gonna jorb?  And then jorbed all over the place...  All over chat? Yeah, I do. So I'm gonna give me one low-res image...  And ask me to make a plushie out of it. If you want to make plushie...  Please make a design or more pictures. Can...  Can you make plushies from...  From drawings? Even though they're from the front view only? Just for a personal project? Hold on. Hold on. 

Jerry you may like the game, Master Detective Archives It's not this one! Can you play tic-tac-toe on your forehead? You can take a screenshot whenever you want. Just don't show me. Okay? I'm sensitive about my...  About my FOV. Shit! Anyway, for us! Jerry and I like the game Master Detective Archive's raincoat. It's by the same person that did Diamond Ronva? Is it...  Is it really? Is it really? You know what?  I can't find it. I give up. But I can do this. Hold on. We can play Warhammer on this thing.  I can make a whole D&D board on this thing. Thank you, Sunblock and Butterfly members! Try to get old film effect. Oh, sorry. Anyone with epilepsy? My bad. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. 

Jelly my stream is already 144p as is, please spare me
 Ah  Ah  Ah Ah  Ah  Ah  Ah  Ah  Ah Ah  Thank you  Agle  Jelly, my stream is already 144 PS'es  Please spare me Um  Um My My My  My  My  My What am I doing? This is what happens when I don't have a plan  This is exactly what happens when I don't have a plan  I'm giving younger sibling vibes right now  I'm an idol  I'm not your little sister  I can be I can be your little sister though  I don't mind I don't have a big brother so  Uh, I think being I think Every once in a while like every week  I I regret not okay  This is I'm turning this off. Sorry. I'm turning everything off. This is this is insane 

Mom, the weird kid is barking like a dog at her camera
 Thank you Senac for the five  Ah It's basically like I know I just think it would be nice Can you call no I cannot call you the word what the heck no I'm not  You're a weirdo you know that you're a weirdo and a weeb  I know I'm an anime girl on the internet, but you're a weeb  Thank you Jim for the summer  You really do give up an annoying little sister vibe It just happens  It just happens If only I had a doting big brother that Uh That uh called me annoying And Hung out with me I guess Since you'd be our little sister  I'm not calling I ain't calling you big bro  Ew that's disgusting I don't want to do that anymore  I changed my mind 

You literally do give off an annoying little sister vibe
 I know I just think it would be nice Can you call no I cannot call you the word what the heck no I'm not  You're a weirdo you know that you're a weirdo and a weeb  I know I'm an anime girl on the internet, but you're a weeb  Thank you Jim for the summer  You really do give up an annoying little sister vibe It just happens  It just happens If only I had a doting big brother that Uh That uh called me annoying And Hung out with me I guess Since you'd be our little sister  I'm not calling I ain't calling you big bro  Ew that's disgusting I don't want to do that anymore  I changed my mind Kind of calling the pot black  Yeah, I'm a hypocrite so what Thank you David for the five  Welcome to my little sister can't possibly a job What what what what what what what what what  It's it's not a brother complex  I don't mind a big sister either  Then she could do my nails and buy me buy me cute clothes  I just want somebody to be close with  Does that make any sense? 

welcome to my little sister can't possibly be A JORB 
 Kind of calling the pot black  Yeah, I'm a hypocrite so what Thank you David for the five  Welcome to my little sister can't possibly a job What what what what what what what what what  It's it's not a brother complex  I don't mind a big sister either  Then she could do my nails and buy me buy me cute clothes  I just want somebody to be close with  Does that make any sense? I just want somebody to be close with is that too much to ask? I'm not into it you get your minds on the good air You're weird you're all weird just because I want a  I want a sibling doesn't mean I'm into them dude  You need a husband? Yeah, yeah true, but it's probably more likely for me to get a big brother than to get a husband  You know that? Can you play 40k on your forehead? You can play monopoly on my forehead 

a bit late to ask for a younger sibling at age 35
 Yeah the quote unquote city  Dude look cities are places with tall buildings that's it  One skyscraper and the entire place becomes a city  Alright  I've been late to ask for a younger sibling at age 35 I'm not 35  I'm not 35  What if they came to the city? Yeah they came to the city last time  Like last time I was like just a couple weeks ago they were here  But like I mean I did I did spoil my younger cousin  Like the youngest one  A lot  Like I bought her like a book and everything  And whatever like dumb thing she wanted  I'd be like okay you don't tell your mom but I'll buy it for you I read it a big brother application strip  No no no no dude it's a different purpose okay Did your birthday pass 36? I'm not 36 and I'm not even 30 Yeah anyways Yeah anyways like 

you know, Rie did a big brother application stream
 I read it a big brother application strip  No no no no dude it's a different purpose okay Did your birthday pass 36? I'm not 36 and I'm not even 30 Yeah anyways Yeah anyways like It's not it's not the same feel you know  It's I can't I can't be as close as they are with each other  You know  Hey Kusa Jelly can I have a hundred dollar figure and order Figure and order as a new banner Now go buy it yourself She lies as naturally as she breathes  Dude I'm like  I'm 18  Alright okay I'm not actually 18  But I'm 18 Thank you army  This is my obligation Jellybee No No 

I can be the emotionally absent big brother 
 I love all people Can I be the emotionally absent big brother? Oh yeah okay sure  Yeah! I'm not You was racist?  No I just said I'm not racist  Then it shall be my application for Jelly I'll think about it  I'll think about it  I'll put  I'll put  I'll put your  I'll take your Things into consideration Jelly is a normie? Dude what? Dude what? What did you? What do you mean by that? Being not racist and sexist equals normie?  What are you talking about? What do you mean by that? So if I'm sexist and I'm racist that means I'm not a normie? Thank you Carmine I'm gonna put it too  Cap? I don't have a hat right now 

then it shall be my application for jelly to be my imouto
 I'm not You was racist?  No I just said I'm not racist  Then it shall be my application for Jelly I'll think about it  I'll think about it  I'll put  I'll put  I'll put your  I'll take your Things into consideration Jelly is a normie? Dude what? Dude what? What did you? What do you mean by that? Being not racist and sexist equals normie?  What are you talking about? What do you mean by that? So if I'm sexist and I'm racist that means I'm not a normie? Thank you Carmine I'm gonna put it too  Cap? I don't have a hat right now What do you said? That's crazy  That's really funny  I think you're  I think you're hilarious Thank you look man! 

but you are older than pippa
 Like what? With what? What hate? With what? Dustborn? Let's not talk about Dustborn anymore  I don't wanna get in more trouble But you're older than Pippa? Dude I don't even know how old Pippa is  I never asked I know how old like the other girls are  Actually no I keep forgetting  You know I keep calling Dizzy like 30 I don't even think she's 30  But like in my head she's like 30  You know she's probably not 30 Oh she's 3  Okay okay  You mean that  Alright yeah she's 3 Thank you Blazorama  The handsome  What? She's like 60 Dizzy's like 50 Dizzy's like 80  Okay it's like the number is getting bigger The number is getting bigger  I'm pretty sure you could accurately guess  The ages of all FaZe members  If you just like Paid attention to their streams I think you could all pretty accurately guess 

The Handsome :)
 Dizzy like 30 I don't even think she's 30  But like in my head she's like 30  You know she's probably not 30 Oh she's 3  Okay okay  You mean that  Alright yeah she's 3 Thank you Blazorama  The handsome  What? She's like 60 Dizzy's like 50 Dizzy's like 80  Okay it's like the number is getting bigger The number is getting bigger  I'm pretty sure you could accurately guess  The ages of all FaZe members  If you just like Paid attention to their streams I think you could all pretty accurately guess Like the actual age  Unless you're like dumb then I wouldn't know  Hack connect  Okay dude we're not  We have pretty young members  Okay? Thank you Luckman by the 3 Can't believe my Oshii Jerko is a Jormie Jerko? Dude it looked like Jerko on my screen  I'm not an army I might be  Maybe it's better to be a normie  Maybe it's better to be ignorant  You know? 

I cant believe my oshi jerico is a jormie. time to unsub
 Paid attention to their streams I think you could all pretty accurately guess Like the actual age  Unless you're like dumb then I wouldn't know  Hack connect  Okay dude we're not  We have pretty young members  Okay? Thank you Luckman by the 3 Can't believe my Oshii Jerko is a Jormie Jerko? Dude it looked like Jerko on my screen  I'm not an army I might be  Maybe it's better to be a normie  Maybe it's better to be ignorant  You know? Coffin game and it's consequences have been disastrous  Through the denizens of FaZe world  Dude did you know that there's a mom mod for that game? I don't know if I wanna talk about it There's a mom mod in the coffin game Yeah did you not see it? Yeah and it's crazy It's crazy  I mean as long as people are happy  If you watch 9-11 on the TV  There was news about it yeah  But 

Coffin game and its consequences have been disastrous for the denizens of Phase World. 
 Thank you Luckman by the 3 Can't believe my Oshii Jerko is a Jormie Jerko? Dude it looked like Jerko on my screen  I'm not an army I might be  Maybe it's better to be a normie  Maybe it's better to be ignorant  You know? Coffin game and it's consequences have been disastrous  Through the denizens of FaZe world  Dude did you know that there's a mom mod for that game? I don't know if I wanna talk about it There's a mom mod in the coffin game Yeah did you not see it? Yeah and it's crazy It's crazy  I mean as long as people are happy  If you watch 9-11 on the TV  There was news about it yeah  But If I say this  If I say anything more it'll be very  Clear how old I am Or well it's  It rules out certain ages Out from the  Yeah anyways 

Can you link it for research purposes?
 Yeah like We have a bunch of lolis  We're not old  We're pretty cute  We're pretty cute girls Take your ankle  Can you link it for research purposes? Just google it  Just google it  Just google it  Google it Erina's young Erina's like a zoomer She gives like zoomer vibes Can you add bratty jelly?  I'm not  I'm not  I'm not No Do you ever think zags are ugly? What? Where'd you get that? Yeah Hmm I've been having I've been thinking of  Oh my god  Oh my god  Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait I have a life update  Okay I have a life update  I have a life update  This update is very important  And I would like to share  This has been a very important milestone Of my life  Okay  Are you ready?  I have a life update 

pippas age increases at a logarithmic rate where the asymptote is 3.33333333...
 Of my life  Okay  Are you ready?  I have a life update I I'm not pregnant  No  What? Can you ask me for the super  I I  I Finished watching Parkour Civilization 2 Thank you sporadic amnesia for the super  Pop  Yeah I finished  I finished watching Parkour Civilization 2 That's my life update How do you rate it? I think it was great  I think it's just as good as this  As the first one  I think it's  I think it's Kino Dude I think it's so key  I think it's so good  I think  I think it was  I think it was a masterpiece I think it was a masterpiece  You know the final scene  The final scene  When he did  When he did the 360  I cried  I cried dude  I cried  Absolute cinema 

This stuff of nightmares
 I  I Finished watching Parkour Civilization 2 Thank you sporadic amnesia for the super  Pop  Yeah I finished  I finished watching Parkour Civilization 2 That's my life update How do you rate it? I think it was great  I think it's just as good as this  As the first one  I think it's  I think it's Kino Dude I think it's so key  I think it's so good  I think  I think it was  I think it was a masterpiece I think it was a masterpiece  You know the final scene  The final scene  When he did  When he did the 360  I cried  I cried dude  I cried  Absolute cinema No there's no more part 3 There's no more part 3  It became PvP Civilization Don't spoil  I'm not spoiling dude I'm just saying The last 360 of the series Was absolutely 

Jelly's pretty cute
 Finished watching Parkour Civilization 2 Thank you sporadic amnesia for the super  Pop  Yeah I finished  I finished watching Parkour Civilization 2 That's my life update How do you rate it? I think it was great  I think it's just as good as this  As the first one  I think it's  I think it's Kino Dude I think it's so key  I think it's so good  I think  I think it was  I think it was a masterpiece I think it was a masterpiece  You know the final scene  The final scene  When he did  When he did the 360  I cried  I cried dude  I cried  Absolute cinema No there's no more part 3 There's no more part 3  It became PvP Civilization Don't spoil  I'm not spoiling dude I'm just saying The last 360 of the series Was absolutely Crazy  Okay  I'm not spoiling it  I'm just saying  Dude he's done like  So many 360's  Okay  You won't even know which one it is  Okay  It's crazy  It's also crazy 

I still don't get the parkour civilization meme. I might be getting old
 Was absolutely Crazy  Okay  I'm not spoiling it  I'm just saying  Dude he's done like  So many 360's  Okay  You won't even know which one it is  Okay  It's crazy  It's also crazy It's actually Kino  It's so good man  I watched it all in one sitting by the way  Unlike the first one  Where I watched it in multiple sittings It's not at Doylers Have you decided on names? On what names? Congrats on the pregnancy  Please stop smoking and drinking  I'm not pregnant I still don't get the Parkour Civilization meme  It's just a really good show  It's just a good show And I have to watch it to keep up with the zoomers  Do you have menopause? No! Congratulations on the twins jelly  I'm sure you and Lumi will be great parents  Two women can't get pregnant Parkour Civilization part 2 stream on your 8 head PvP Civilization is pretty weak compared to parkour  For real That's upsetting  Because I really liked Parkour Civilization  Not with that attitude? 

Congrats on the pregnancy. pls stop smoking and drinking
 Crazy  Okay  I'm not spoiling it  I'm just saying  Dude he's done like  So many 360's  Okay  You won't even know which one it is  Okay  It's crazy  It's also crazy It's actually Kino  It's so good man  I watched it all in one sitting by the way  Unlike the first one  Where I watched it in multiple sittings It's not at Doylers Have you decided on names? On what names? Congrats on the pregnancy  Please stop smoking and drinking  I'm not pregnant I still don't get the Parkour Civilization meme  It's just a really good show  It's just a good show And I have to watch it to keep up with the zoomers  Do you have menopause? No! Congratulations on the twins jelly  I'm sure you and Lumi will be great parents  Two women can't get pregnant Parkour Civilization part 2 stream on your 8 head PvP Civilization is pretty weak compared to parkour  For real That's upsetting  Because I really liked Parkour Civilization  Not with that attitude? Oh 

congratulations on the twins jelly. I'm sure u and lumi will be great parents
 On what names? Congrats on the pregnancy  Please stop smoking and drinking  I'm not pregnant I still don't get the Parkour Civilization meme  It's just a really good show  It's just a good show And I have to watch it to keep up with the zoomers  Do you have menopause? No! Congratulations on the twins jelly  I'm sure you and Lumi will be great parents  Two women can't get pregnant Parkour Civilization part 2 stream on your 8 head PvP Civilization is pretty weak compared to parkour  For real That's upsetting  Because I really liked Parkour Civilization  Not with that attitude? Oh You can these days Through Surrogate Surrogatory  Right? Surrogate Surrogacy Thank you Ren for  Sorta Super Joy please let us know life updates  We all become aunts and uncles  So when you find a man slash woman to put a ring on it 

Jelly.please let us know life updates when we all become Aunts and Uncles. Or when you find a Man/Woman to put a ring on it.
 No! Congratulations on the twins jelly  I'm sure you and Lumi will be great parents  Two women can't get pregnant Parkour Civilization part 2 stream on your 8 head PvP Civilization is pretty weak compared to parkour  For real That's upsetting  Because I really liked Parkour Civilization  Not with that attitude? Oh You can these days Through Surrogate Surrogatory  Right? Surrogate Surrogacy Thank you Ren for  Sorta Super Joy please let us know life updates  We all become aunts and uncles  So when you find a man slash woman to put a ring on it I think I'm straight I think I'm straight Does that come as a surprise? I think I'm straight Surrogatory Surrogacy 

your genuinely wonderful. thanks for jorbing 
 2 months Um, premature  Thank you Sarah for the memoir  A- A- A- Welcome to the memoir ship  Listen to your stay  You're genuinely wonderful  Thanks for jorbing  I'm glad you think so  Have a wonderful day grumps Me and rare chicken Yeah, I had to be put in like the incubator thing  For like way too long  Cause my lungs were like cooked  And they were like, oh yeah, she's gonna die  We don't like give her this thing  And then- and then I wasn't even like eating  So they had to like shove a tube down my throat  To like feed me  Cause I would die of-  Cause I- I wasn't like ready to like eat Yeah, I was air fried Air fried! For weeks! Thanks for surviving bro  Yeah, I've said this like multiple times  I'm pretty sure people like know this already  But-  But uh- but I had a pretty-  I had a pretty weird like childhood Would you rate Parkour Civilization 9.3 out of 10? I would rate Parkour Civilization part 1 Like a 9.5 out of 10  Parkour Civilization part 2? 

You could always Just make your own Jomunculus instead of a Jurrogate. Way less maintenance and very loyal if you get your formula right.
 Would you rate Parkour Civilization 9.3 out of 10? I would rate Parkour Civilization part 1 Like a 9.5 out of 10  Parkour Civilization part 2? I'd give it like a 9 One of my customers has his RL lolly build wife There's still- there's still no kids no issues  You'll be fine Okay, I sure hope so  Yeah, maybe- maybe the kids just gonna be small  You can always just make your own jamanclas instead of a jargi  Way less maintenance and very loyal if you get your formula right Is that legal? Thank you positive android You're machine fed, right? Oh my god, I'm not machine fed  Wait  What? What do you mean machine fed? Like What the heck is machine fed? I was tube fed  What- what does my- what's machine fed? As a big-  As a big-  As a big- 

One of my customers has this IRL loli build wife they still had two kids no issues. You will be fine.
 I would rate Parkour Civilization part 1 Like a 9.5 out of 10  Parkour Civilization part 2? I'd give it like a 9 One of my customers has his RL lolly build wife There's still- there's still no kids no issues  You'll be fine Okay, I sure hope so  Yeah, maybe- maybe the kids just gonna be small  You can always just make your own jamanclas instead of a jargi  Way less maintenance and very loyal if you get your formula right Is that legal? Thank you positive android You're machine fed, right? Oh my god, I'm not machine fed  Wait  What? What do you mean machine fed? Like What the heck is machine fed? I was tube fed  What- what does my- what's machine fed? As a big-  As a big-  As a big- 

Dearest Jelly, permission to play tic tac toe on your head? Deny the truth if yes, admit your pregnancy to chat if no.
 Under- uh, premature Then they have to like Feed you some speed- speed development stuff  Dearest Jelly, permission to play tic-tac-toe on your head Deny the truth of yes  Admit your pregnancy to chat if no Yeah, sure, go ahead I'm streaming from- I'm not streaming from an iron lung I'm just- it's- it's- it's good to be-  It's good to be where I'm not- I think- I think I- I think I could've been way worse Yeah, anyways Anyways  You could've been one of those African child health bads-  No, that's malnourishment That's- that's not prematurity  That's malnourishment  It's a completely different thing Dude, what? Crazy You can speed when you're in pregnancy Dude, there's- did you know that there's this thing  Mm-hmm Called- um 

Thank you Jelly's mum for giving us Jelly 
 What- what is that? What- what is it called again? Like, you don't have a big belly and everything? And like I saw this- this teen like give birth to a kid in- in like her bathtub  And she was like- I didn't even know I was pregnant Be fat- no! Ectopic? Phantom? No, you know, you don't have to be fat Thank you, Jelly's mum for giving us Jelly- yeah, sure  Can't believe Jerry got Muyu pregnant- what? No, it's not phantom- it's not- No, no, no, no, it's not ectopic- ectopic is the one where the kids like outside of the womb or something Right? I don't think those are real? No, no, no, no, no, no it's like a- it's like a- It's like a-  It's like a- it's like a- where is it? Dude, what? Is this- was this article that I read like a- like a- like a complete- 

Thanks for the cryptid stream, Jelly
 You're still young Stuff like this takes time And then I have to like- lie down Thanks for the cryptic stream Jelly? Jesus, what?  What? You're doing nothing with your life  It's okay  You're gonna make me cry What's your name? Pastino, you're gonna make me cry  Chat, chat, get this guy Massive copium? Of course it's copium! What else am I gonna do? Of course I gotta cope! I gotta cope man! I gotta cope!  I gotta cope! It's alright, it's alright Jesus, is it really alright? Yeah, it's alright It'll happen when you least expect it  Don't lose hope  That's what I tell everybody else who's av- who- who- who's lonely as well  I say the same thing As a love comes at you when you least expect it  All you have to do is wait  Even though I know that I'm just basically saying that to myself  And it's complete cope 

what kinda round ahh workouts you been doing to make your head that spherical
 Yeah, it's- it's gonna- Yeah, I usually just lie down I usually just lie down Man, I need to go- I need to start going to Starbucks more  What kind of round-up workouts you been doing to make your head that spherical? I've been, um, taking a big bowl and sticking my head into it  And then like, spinning the bowl I do it for about- around 30 minutes every day  And now my head's this giant I thought he meant walk off the pregnancy Are you pregnant? I can fix it What kind of man pays- what kind of man pays $8 for bean water? Oh yeah, I have coffee I gotta drink my coffee I love instant coffee  I love instant coffee  No I don't, I hate instant coffee  It's just that I have no- I have nothing else- I have nothing else to drink  I love you just the way you are  Maybe-  What do you mean by that? What do you mean maybe? So you don't-  Stop depressing me about marriage  We're doing it together! 

Can someone take one for the team for us and marry jerry already
 I would- I would walk away Bump with toast in mouth? Oh, then it's fate Sporadic amnesia  Can someone take one for the team first and marry Jerry already? I- I- I wouldn't- I wouldn't want to get married out of pity, you know? You know, that Jelly I'm getting married  Chat, get that guy too! You're gonna make me wanna kill myself! I'm also married to my Tulpa  Get good, Dumbo Congratulations, uh  Yeah, happy for you I've been called my friend-  I've been- I've been called my friend's backup guy  And it hurts so much more than not being in a relationship  Jesus, that sucks dude  That genuinely sucks man  That's how you know that-  That group of friends are not for you Are we all still gonna live in an island, Jerry? Oh, you mean the cult island? I don't know I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm just waiting, okay? 

I have been called my friend "back up" guy and that hurt so much more than not being in a relationship
 I'm also married to my Tulpa  Get good, Dumbo Congratulations, uh  Yeah, happy for you I've been called my friend-  I've been- I've been called my friend's backup guy  And it hurts so much more than not being in a relationship  Jesus, that sucks dude  That genuinely sucks man  That's how you know that-  That group of friends are not for you Are we all still gonna live in an island, Jerry? Oh, you mean the cult island? I don't know I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm just waiting, okay? I'm just waiting I'm just waiting  I'm just waiting  I just got my third kit Hey Jelly, nice monkey placement in Bloons  Is that- is that it? The pickup line? Is that the pickup line? Okay, imagine this Imagine this! You're back in college! 

Femcel. Femcel. Smelly Jelcel. 
 Are we all still gonna live in an island, Jerry? Oh, you mean the cult island? I don't know I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm not a fem-cell! I'm just waiting, okay? I'm just waiting I'm just waiting  I'm just waiting  I just got my third kit Hey Jelly, nice monkey placement in Bloons  Is that- is that it? The pickup line? Is that the pickup line? Okay, imagine this Imagine this! You're back in college! You're back in college! Okay, I want you all to picture this  Close your eyes  Because there's nothing on the screen anyways Nothing interesting to look at anyways  Alright, close your eyes! Imagine this! You're... In class! You're in class, in college  You're back in college again  Alright? Cold winter day  It's about four degrees outside 

weird RP stream tbh~
 I easily would a 5 out of 10, 7 feet tall- no Yeah, and- whoa, you'd give her a chance Is Benjamin a deal breaker? She plays Benjamin solo  Alright, okay  Weird RP stream to be honest  Super R-bomb, thank you for the Supa Should've turned that into an RP stream  God dang it  God dang it, come up with the best ideas on stream If she has no legs, perfect  Okay, I'm gonna- I'm gonna stop reading there To be fair, Jelly, if a girl talks to me, I'll freak out  7 out of 10 or 2-10, I'd still pass? Why? Jelly's under goon maxing in Minecraft Grindr  I'm not goon maxing  What? Next stream then No, but- But when I'm alone, you know, I don't have very good stream ideas  I mean, look at this entire stream, what am I even doing? What am I even doing? Trusting women, rookie mistake  Alright, not all women are bad, okay? It's just that Some of them are 

If she has no legs, PERFECT, WAIFU, ask for hand in marriage right then & there
 Should've turned that into an RP stream  God dang it  God dang it, come up with the best ideas on stream If she has no legs, perfect  Okay, I'm gonna- I'm gonna stop reading there To be fair, Jelly, if a girl talks to me, I'll freak out  7 out of 10 or 2-10, I'd still pass? Why? Jelly's under goon maxing in Minecraft Grindr  I'm not goon maxing  What? Next stream then No, but- But when I'm alone, you know, I don't have very good stream ideas  I mean, look at this entire stream, what am I even doing? What am I even doing? Trusting women, rookie mistake  Alright, not all women are bad, okay? It's just that Some of them are Actually no, when it's you  When it's you  And when it's a guy and a woman together Women are a little less likely to be bad  It's only when the woman is talking to another woman  It's a little bit more-  It's a little bit dicier Jelly, can I kiss your forehead? 

To be fair Jelly, if a girl talks to me I will freak out. 7/10 or 2/10, I still pass
 If she has no legs, perfect  Okay, I'm gonna- I'm gonna stop reading there To be fair, Jelly, if a girl talks to me, I'll freak out  7 out of 10 or 2-10, I'd still pass? Why? Jelly's under goon maxing in Minecraft Grindr  I'm not goon maxing  What? Next stream then No, but- But when I'm alone, you know, I don't have very good stream ideas  I mean, look at this entire stream, what am I even doing? What am I even doing? Trusting women, rookie mistake  Alright, not all women are bad, okay? It's just that Some of them are Actually no, when it's you  When it's you  And when it's a guy and a woman together Women are a little less likely to be bad  It's only when the woman is talking to another woman  It's a little bit more-  It's a little bit dicier Jelly, can I kiss your forehead? Only if you answer my question Are you ready for the question? You ready for the question? 

How about if someone left a not one your desk that said, "I think you are gorgeous, here is my number but you don't have to feel pressured" it worked for me but after 2 weeks and became a stalker.
 You ready for the question? Don't mind, 7 out of 10 as long as she's shorter than me  Thank you, Bernice!  Awesome! Super! Thank you, Ren for the 10! How about if someone left a note on your desk that said  I think you're gorgeous, here's my number, but you don't have to feel pressured  It worked for me, but after two weeks Became a stalker? I don't know, dude, I think, I think, I think That's a pretty interesting That's a pretty interesting one I think if somebody used the word gorgeous on me  I would just instantly like tap out  You know? I don't know, gorgeous is such a weird word to use, dude  It's like...  I don't know I don't know  I played, I played MyMai once  And somebody asked for my number  Because they were like  Hey, you're cute, are you playing alone? You're pretty good at Vampire Vampire by DecoNina on, on Master  And I'm like, okay, dude  And they're like, do you wanna, do you wanna, do you wanna add me on WhatsApp? 

jelly since you confirmed ur pregnancy without a man because ur celibate and that ur a religious leader. does that mean your baby is god
 Became a stalker? I don't know, dude, I think, I think, I think That's a pretty interesting That's a pretty interesting one I think if somebody used the word gorgeous on me  I would just instantly like tap out  You know? I don't know, gorgeous is such a weird word to use, dude  It's like...  I don't know I don't know  I played, I played MyMai once  And somebody asked for my number  Because they were like  Hey, you're cute, are you playing alone? You're pretty good at Vampire Vampire by DecoNina on, on Master  And I'm like, okay, dude  And they're like, do you wanna, do you wanna, do you wanna add me on WhatsApp? And I'm like, what the... The United Tripp even in five  No, I'm not giving birth to God and I'm not pregnant Look who's picky now, huh? No, it's so weird! I'm not, I don't, she's too confident, you know? 

Jelly, nobody without confidence is approaching anyone lol
 Well, we're over and we'll lose  And, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't It doesn't work. You know what I mean? There's no spark. It just makes me want to run. Does that make sense? So if they don't approach, he doesn't like me. But if he does, he's too confident. Maybe I just don't mind my players. Maybe that's it. Have you tried girls? I don't like girls. So it's a lose-lose? I think so. I think so. I think I'm just doomed. I think I'm just... Maybe I should get a cat. Maybe I should get a cat. Thank God she's picky. We wouldn't have jorbed today. What does that mean? 

Thank God she's picky, we wouldn't have Jorb today
 So it's a lose-lose? I think so. I think so. I think I'm just doomed. I think I'm just... Maybe I should get a cat. Maybe I should get a cat. Thank God she's picky. We wouldn't have jorbed today. What does that mean? I finished my coffee. I was pretty sleepy just now. Thank you Malcolm. Tips. Play tank online because women play healer. Okay, dude. Okay, you know what I mean. Okay. Okay, look. Okay. I've done it. I've done it. I've... I have... I have...  Uh...  Uh...  What's the word? I have... Uh... My thoughts...  In my head. I have gathered them. Do you like pathetic on the outside?  Cool on the inside? Because I relate to not too confident? Okay, look. I've gathered it. I've gathered it. No guys, no girls. So fish are our type. I eat fish. 

No Guys? No Girls? So Fish are your type?
 Okay. Okay, look. Okay. I've done it. I've done it. I've... I have... I have...  Uh...  Uh...  What's the word? I have... Uh... My thoughts...  In my head. I have gathered them. Do you like pathetic on the outside?  Cool on the inside? Because I relate to not too confident? Okay, look. I've gathered it. I've gathered it. No guys, no girls. So fish are our type. I eat fish. Okay, I formulated a...  No, not formulated. What? ESL. Sorry. I've gathered my thoughts. Okay, I...  This is it. I... Want... To start with like... Like...  Okay. Okay. Okay. Imagine this. Imagine this. You're playing World of Warcraft. Okay, I'm sure you...  Some people can't imagine this. Okay, forget it. You're playing...  Okay, you know what?  Let's just go with World of Warcraft. You're playing World of Warcraft. World of Warcraft sucks. You suck. It's over. 

Do you like pathetic on the outside cool on he inside? Cause I relate to the "not too confident"
 I've done it. I've done it. I've... I have... I have...  Uh...  Uh...  What's the word? I have... Uh... My thoughts...  In my head. I have gathered them. Do you like pathetic on the outside?  Cool on the inside? Because I relate to not too confident? Okay, look. I've gathered it. I've gathered it. No guys, no girls. So fish are our type. I eat fish. Okay, I formulated a...  No, not formulated. What? ESL. Sorry. I've gathered my thoughts. Okay, I...  This is it. I... Want... To start with like... Like...  Okay. Okay. Okay. Imagine this. Imagine this. You're playing World of Warcraft. Okay, I'm sure you...  Some people can't imagine this. Okay, forget it. You're playing...  Okay, you know what?  Let's just go with World of Warcraft. You're playing World of Warcraft. World of Warcraft sucks. You suck. It's over. Okay, screw you guys. Okay, screw you guys. 

The dating scene is pretty hard right now. Honestly if I did date I'd probably date a more mature person... Less stress.
 Okay, screw you guys. Okay, screw you guys. Whatever. We're playing...  You're playing World of Warcraft. Okay. You're a paladin. Solo. Playing solo. And you go...  You go into a dungeon. All right. And there's this...  Dancing is pretty hard right now. I wouldn't...  I couldn't tell you. Yeah. You're...  You're...  Okay. You're...  You're playing an MMO. Whatever, dude. You're playing an MMO. You're playing a...  Tanked character. And... You go into a dungeon. You're a solo player. You kill a dungeon. You go into a dungeon. And then...  There's this...  Healer. Who's like...  Kind of friendly. But not really that friendly.  But they're a pretty good healer. And...  And you guys do the dungeon. And the healer asks if you want to party up. You know. And you're like...  Okay, dude. It's easier to...  It's easier to queue for a dungeon if...  We're playing in pairs, right? And we have pretty good synergy. And then you guys play. Okay. I instantly begin grooming. 

Thanks Jelly for this "Just Fumbling" stream.
 And... Yeah. Later on, they're like...  Hey. You want to do comms so it's easier to...  To like...  Coordinate stuff? And...  And you're like...  Okay, dude. And you add them on Discord. And it turns out they're a girl. And you guys start playing together. And you guys start being friends.  Friends. You guys are being friends. And then every morning...  Every afternoon at 4pm...  You log on to World of Warcraft. And they're online. And you're like...  Hey, want to queue together? And this goes on...  And on...  For like two months, man. You guys are playing Warcraft every other day.  And then eventually...  Eventually a love... Starts...  To spark. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? That's...  You know what I mean? That's a dream. Alright? She 100% has a boyfriend.  I'm killing myself. You have a very kissable forehead. I'm gonna kill myself. Thanks Jelly for this just fumbling. I'm gonna kill myself. 

I just reached rank 1 in Bloon TD Battles 2 in the Lead Dungeon department with banana farm, Jelly. Here is my supa.
 So I'm taken? Me? So I'm taken now, is it? Daily Pai, I'm for the... I just reached rank one in blue. I'm going to go in TD Battles 2 in a lead dungeon department with banana farm jelly. Here's my Supa. Go refund the Supa. And buy yourself... A rope? I'm just kidding. Thank you for the 100 Supa. Thank you, Daily Pai. I really appreciate it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. I genuinely, really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you so much for the Supa. Thank you. Congrats on the boyfriend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's crazy.  I know. Thank you, Enrique, for the membership. Welcome. Please enjoy your stay. Been burnt too many times. That's why we have no trust. Thank you, Narc101. If it were me, I wouldn't burn you. 

HOLEY! Just Got in and got jumpscared by a Jiant Blinking Talking Jorb 
 So I'm taken now, is it? Daily Pai, I'm for the... I just reached rank one in blue. I'm going to go in TD Battles 2 in a lead dungeon department with banana farm jelly. Here's my Supa. Go refund the Supa. And buy yourself... A rope? I'm just kidding. Thank you for the 100 Supa. Thank you, Daily Pai. I really appreciate it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. I genuinely, really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you so much for the Supa. Thank you. Congrats on the boyfriend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's crazy.  I know. Thank you, Enrique, for the membership. Welcome. Please enjoy your stay. Been burnt too many times. That's why we have no trust. Thank you, Narc101. If it were me, I wouldn't burn you. Thank you, KP. If I did 499, girl equals guy in real life. 

Guy in real life fosure. Sometimes it takes a real man to be the best girl
 Daily Pai, I'm for the... I just reached rank one in blue. I'm going to go in TD Battles 2 in a lead dungeon department with banana farm jelly. Here's my Supa. Go refund the Supa. And buy yourself... A rope? I'm just kidding. Thank you for the 100 Supa. Thank you, Daily Pai. I really appreciate it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. I genuinely, really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you so much for the Supa. Thank you. Congrats on the boyfriend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's crazy.  I know. Thank you, Enrique, for the membership. Welcome. Please enjoy your stay. Been burnt too many times. That's why we have no trust. Thank you, Narc101. If it were me, I wouldn't burn you. Thank you, KP. If I did 499, girl equals guy in real life. Yeah. Yummy. 

Girl = guy in real life
 Go refund the Supa. And buy yourself... A rope? I'm just kidding. Thank you for the 100 Supa. Thank you, Daily Pai. I really appreciate it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. I genuinely, really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you so much for the Supa. Thank you. Congrats on the boyfriend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's crazy.  I know. Thank you, Enrique, for the membership. Welcome. Please enjoy your stay. Been burnt too many times. That's why we have no trust. Thank you, Narc101. If it were me, I wouldn't burn you. Thank you, KP. If I did 499, girl equals guy in real life. Yeah. Yummy. Yummy. Boyfriend reveal when? I was trying to think of something smart to say, but I can't think of anything smart to say. Maybe it's because I'm not smart after all. 

Just ask one of your friends to set you up
 I just...  How many boyfriends do you need? Just one! What the heck is that question? I want to code and rust with...  I don't want to code and rust with my boyfriend. Just ask one of your friends to set you up. Who would set me up with somebody who plays Terraria in Minecraft?  And...  And...  And... Ambiotic Factor. And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  World of Warcraft. And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  And...  You guys are dropping FaceConnect girl's names as if they talk to men. and and and forget it I'm just doing I'm just dooming now I'm just dooming 

I heard Lee Pao Yang is pretty good at video games he's even number 1 ranked in some game, ask him out
 Isn't it really freaking weird for you guys  to talk about that when he might be here  or might be here in the future watching a VOD? Thank you Dr. Lanzi, welcome to your membership. Please enjoy your stay. Thank you Nuri Amy for the one month, it's really cute. Thank you. Now I've only cute that's something for me. Thank you Kratos for the five. Nice try. Won't work. Won't work. Thank you Ida Me for the Zupa.  If fish man can get a girl, there's still hope. True. Maybe I just gotta be 30. Jerry's a passport bro. What the heck is a passport bro? What the heck is a passport bro? I was gonna say something but I forgot. I just have to expand my horizons and eventually get married off  in an arranged marriage and I'll be fine. 

i am now a liscensed optometrist praise me
 What the heck is a passport bro? What green card bro? I just arrived. What's today's topic of discussion? Let's change the topic of discussion.  Orbex, welcome to the stream. What would you like the topic of discussion to be? You have been provided the privilege to choose today. Because I want to stop talking about this right now. Orbex, Orbex, come on. Come on. Give us a topic. I know we're putting you on the spot here but give us a topic. Come on. Don't say C++. Don't say C++. Don't say marriage either. Do not. Also do not say pregnant.  Come on. Come on, Arbex. I'm waiting for your answer. No, do not say C++. Where is this reply? I can't see it. Chats kind of fast. God, you guys are distracting me. It's too fast now. God, it's over. No pointers. No pointers. 

It's okay Jelly, we can be hopelessly, terminally single together.
 Don't say C++. Don't say C++. Don't say marriage either. Do not. Also do not say pregnant.  Come on. Come on, Arbex. I'm waiting for your answer. No, do not say C++. Where is this reply? I can't see it. Chats kind of fast. God, you guys are distracting me. It's too fast now. God, it's over. No pointers. No pointers. No pointers. Stop spamming. Stop spamming.  He said Winamp. He did not say Winamp. He did not say Winamp. There's no way he said Winamp. There's no way he said. He actually said Winamp. I'm going to kill myself. We're not talking about Winamp. Let's talk about something else. Why would you want to talk about Winamp? What's so interesting about Winamp? 

what did I wake up to
 Don't say marriage either. Do not. Also do not say pregnant.  Come on. Come on, Arbex. I'm waiting for your answer. No, do not say C++. Where is this reply? I can't see it. Chats kind of fast. God, you guys are distracting me. It's too fast now. God, it's over. No pointers. No pointers. No pointers. Stop spamming. Stop spamming.  He said Winamp. He did not say Winamp. He did not say Winamp. There's no way he said Winamp. There's no way he said. He actually said Winamp. I'm going to kill myself. We're not talking about Winamp. Let's talk about something else. Why would you want to talk about Winamp? What's so interesting about Winamp? Are you using Winamp right now? 

BRO I LOVE WINAMP LFG
 Due to legal reasons, I may not expand on that topic. But nice try. Thank you, Karim. I'm at a 20. Bro, I love Winamp. Let's freaking go. I'm a normie who pays for Spotify. Sorry. Do you guys down? Do you guys listen to your music in WoW? Or MP3? Or FL? I felt they just said FLP. No. What's the other one? What's the other lossless one? Oh god, I forgot. Flack. Yeah. Flack. OGG. Dropped. You dropped me for using Spotify. But Winamp doesn't work in my car. Winamp doesn't work in my car. OGG is lossy. Yeah, it's pretty lossy. But it's okay. I don't listen to the stuff in OGG though. I just...  I know some things play stuff in OGG because it's so small. 

NEW TOPIC You drive?  Why if I thought you were 12? And I want to like...  Dunk my head into bleach? Thank you so long. How has it lost you with the man you were stalking? Like a maniac? Did he put a restraining order against you yet?  I don't stalk people. Thank you, RV, for the super just now, by the way. What did I wake up to? Sorry about that. Thank you, Super Iron Bomb for the 10. Wave. Can you say it again? Wave. Wave. Jif. Jaff. Jif. Gif. Thank you, Spacklebox for the super just now, by the way. And thank you, Sleepy Dan for the super. Thank you, Dr. Lanzi for the super. Oh, Dr. Lanzi is now a licensed optometrist. That's the eye guy, right? Optometrist? That's the eye guy? Congratulations! Good job. I'm proud of you. Maybe I'll go to you for my new glasses next time. Thank you, Ruff Times for the super. 

WAV? Can you say that again?
 Thank you, RV, for the super just now, by the way. What did I wake up to? Sorry about that. Thank you, Super Iron Bomb for the 10. Wave. Can you say it again? Wave. Wave. Jif. Jaff. Jif. Gif. Thank you, Spacklebox for the super just now, by the way. And thank you, Sleepy Dan for the super. Thank you, Dr. Lanzi for the super. Oh, Dr. Lanzi is now a licensed optometrist. That's the eye guy, right? Optometrist? That's the eye guy? Congratulations! Good job. I'm proud of you. Maybe I'll go to you for my new glasses next time. Thank you, Ruff Times for the super. Optometrist? Eye guy. Like an iPhone. Eye guy. You think if Apple makes robots, they'll be called the eye guy? 

Foobar2000 for life also I'm surprised you can reach the pedal
 Very cool. Yes, I am the real life dorp. Praise me. Kneel right now. Kneel. Fooobar2000 for life. Also, I'm surprised you can reach the pedal.  Yeah, I just gotta pull my seat up to like the frontmost position. And I'll be good. And also, I gotta like pull the seat up so I can see past the dashboard. It's pretty cool. I've got two bars of fuel left. I've got two bars of fuel left. So next time I go out, I gotta refuel. Please remind me. You look through the wheel while driving. I'm not that short, okay? I'm only like...  I'm like just five feet. 142 centimeters. And the pedals? Yeah. Do you drive with a window down? It's...  No! It's like a more billion degrees. Okay? Right now. It's a more billion degrees. I can't put a booster seat on the...  In the driver's seat. Are you insane? 4.8 feet, no light. 

Spotify moves a lot of its traffic across DNS and it causes IDS rules to freak out about DNS tunneling 
 It's basically five. It's basically five, dude. It's basically five. Round up. Spotify moves a lot of its traffic across DNS  and it causes IDS rules to freak out about DNS tunneling. I don't care. I use Spotify because... It's convenient. And I can use it on all my devices. Five is basically six. Yeah, basically just round up. I'm not a dwarf! Dwarfism! Dwarfism is a short stature that results from a genetic or medical condition. Stature is the height of a person in a standing position. Dwarfism generally is defined as an adult height of 4 feet 10 inches, 147 centimeters or less. I'm gonna kill you. After...  Before I kill myself. I'm gonna kill you. 

you're above above average then. most monkeys are around 2 feet congratulations
 Thank you. What is super? Yeah. You're above above average. Most monkeys are on two feet. Congratulations. Christ. Ban. Chad. Ban this guy. Chad. Beat this guy up. Are you swimming underwater? Not anymore. Jimmy Neutron. Oh my God. I don't know how to look like Jimmy Neutron. Where is it? I don't know how to drink it for the soup. You change anything? What the jelly? Tarou, fix my hair. Tarou, fix my hair. Tarou, fix my hair. Fix my hair. Tarou. 

We already saw your pantsu, you dont need to flash us again
 Are you swimming underwater? Not anymore. Jimmy Neutron. Oh my God. I don't know how to look like Jimmy Neutron. Where is it? I don't know how to drink it for the soup. You change anything? What the jelly? Tarou, fix my hair. Tarou, fix my hair. Tarou, fix my hair. Fix my hair. Tarou. Thank you, Godfrey, for the 15 months. Jelly, have you played the game of Jelly is Sticky? I saw that it was a Sokabun, so I dropped it. I do have it though  It's in my like inventory Oh my god dude 

"My potions are too strong for you traveler." 
 I can't  I can't man  I need to put my hair down Please let me put my hair down  God  God please  My hair  My hair can't come down anymore Thank you hey yo  For this hoopa My potions are too strong for you  Traveler What if I was born like this What if what if I debuted and I look like this  Would you still watch me Can you do the Roblox face and say  I can't say that  It's hard to say so I gotta say that dude There's a bunch of funny things I can say  Potion Teller Alright hold on Alright hold on Alright hold on 

can you do the roblox face and say "pissing all by yourself handsome"
 My potions are too strong for you  Traveler What if I was born like this What if what if I debuted and I look like this  Would you still watch me Can you do the Roblox face and say  I can't say that  It's hard to say so I gotta say that dude There's a bunch of funny things I can say  Potion Teller Alright hold on Alright hold on Alright hold on Alright hold on  Hold on I need to set this up Alright you ready Ah  God  God dang 

NPC Jelly.
 Potion seller  Enough of these games  I'm going into battle  I need your strongest potions  My strongest potions would kill you traveler  You can't handle my strongest potions  You'd better go to a seller that sells weaker potions  Potion seller  I'm telling you right now  I'm going into battle  I need only your strongest potions  You don't know what you ask traveler  My strongest potions will kill a dragon  Let alone a man  In a seller that sells weaker potions  Because my potions are too strong  Potion seller  I'm telling you  I need your strongest potions  I'm going into battle  I'm going into battle  I need your strongest potions I can't handle my strongest potions  No one can  My strongest My strongest potions are fit for a beast  Let alone a man Potion seller What do I have to tell you? To get your potions  Why won't you trust me with your strongest potions  Potion seller? I need them  If I'm to be successful in the battle  I can't give you my strongest potions  Because my strongest potions are only for the strongest beings  And you are all of the weakest  Why I take potions seller? 

POISON SELLER I NEED YOUR STRONGEST POTION I WANT TO SLEEP
 Just don't use mana characters  Easy It's been  It's been a while  I don't remember  Who's like  Who doesn't use mana anymore Potions  Poison seller  I need your strongest  Poison  I want to sleep Oh god Okay  I've completely lost the plot  Of what we were talking about  What were we talking about? What were we talking about? Mana management  Is part of the game though? Alright millennia Alright millennia  You spam like two moves  And you insta kill me  In your video game  And I can't  I can't kill you  Without spamming  A bunch of summons  You  You  You  You You  You  You don't get to speak  Winamp  No  We're not talking about Winamp We're not talking about them Marriage with Winamp You should do a potion civilization video  How would  How would I even stretch  This potion content  For two hours 

potion seller i need your strongest poison to unalive me
 You should do a potion civilization video  How would  How would I even stretch  This potion content  For two hours Talk about your comfort character  I cannot talk about my comfort character  Else I will die of embarrassment  Thank you Carmona  For the five  I need your strongest poison  To unalive me You think that's the best way  To unalive yourself  I think it will like hurt I think it will super hurt  Do in a perfect world next Oh god  I just In a perfect world You're either a Nami or a Lulomane  Before I quit Before I quit  Yeah  I was pretty good  At both But pretty good  Is very subjective  I was probably  God awful  In both  But I hit like three bubbles  So I'm good I saved my  I saved my ADC  From getting  From getting 

Femboy Confirmed. No woman.
 Femboy  Confirmed no woman  I'm not a femboy Thank you  This is a muffin  RP woman stream  Bro  What? Potion seller  Give me your strongest poison  To send me to the forever box  This is like the fifth  This is like the fifth  Super chat  That's talked about  Potion seller  And poison  To kill themselves You made me a sandwich  You must have missed  The sandwich stream  You must have missed  The clay stream  Well I've already done that  Yes but are you gay? Like Wait What? What? Like Like what? Am I gay? That explains  The low IQ  Take Based  Thank you  Sina gave  For the 20 Based  And true  True and based 

Potion seller, give me your strongest poison to send me to the forever box.
 Thank you  This is a muffin  RP woman stream  Bro  What? Potion seller  Give me your strongest poison  To send me to the forever box  This is like the fifth  This is like the fifth  Super chat  That's talked about  Potion seller  And poison  To kill themselves You made me a sandwich  You must have missed  The sandwich stream  You must have missed  The clay stream  Well I've already done that  Yes but are you gay? Like Wait What? What? Like Like what? Am I gay? That explains  The low IQ  Take Based  Thank you  Sina gave  For the 20 Based  And true  True and based If I say anymore  I'll be in big trouble True and based  Sorry  I apologize I  I'll try  I'll try to  I'll try to provide  More intelligent takes  But you all  Will know  That  My efforts  Will be in vain 

that explains the low IQ take
 Like what? Am I gay? That explains  The low IQ  Take Based  Thank you  Sina gave  For the 20 Based  And true  True and based If I say anymore  I'll be in big trouble True and based  Sorry  I apologize I  I'll try  I'll try to  I'll try to provide  More intelligent takes  But you all  Will know  That  My efforts  Will be in vain Do the IQ test  I'm not doing an IQ test  On stream  I can  Okay how about this  Let's do some  Let's do some Let's do some dumb tests What kind of test should I do? Should I do a Hmm Autism  Again? Again? An autism test? Why do I have to do it again? I don't want to do it again  You guys already saw my  Saw my  Saw my  Saw my thing 

BDSM test lets goooo
 Which Pokemon are you? Which Power Ranger are you? Human benchmark?  I'm like subhuman I'm subhuman  I can't do human benchmark  I'm basically an alien No I'm not doing that  Omen  Thank you for the super chat though Are you a fanboy test? Okay let's do a meteorology test Practice assessment? This is the wrong test  I thought  I thought we were doing like  Personality quizzes Do a  Parkour civilization test? No Comp TIA  On stream I don't want to do  Comp TIA  I'm gonna  I'm gonna  I'm gonna have flashbacks  Fursona test  No You think Akinator knows me? I don't think  I don't think I'm popular enough  For Akinator Fursona  What the freaking 

the CDL test
 Thing Japan It's literally  Thing Japan  I'm subject to  Thing Japan  Thank you  This is an AK8.5  What's a CDL test? Commercial driver's license But I'm not based in  In the west Thing Japan  Is real though  I know right? Like not like on a Wii  Or anything  But I totally am  But Thing Japan  Is like real  Like thing  Like literally  Okay  Literally  Let's  Let's  Let's  Let's  Let's  Talk about this  Okay  The murderous villain test  What the hell  Murderous This thing is real  Anyways  Fruits  Fruits  Japan  Okay  That's one thing  Fruits  Fruits  Japan  Like have you  Have you ever had  A muskmelon  That thing's crazy Okay Um What else 

won't you fly away from the knockback?
 Dollars Not  Dislocated  For  For  Real  I  I  I  I  I  I  I  I I  I  I  I pay $2,000 for a freaking ride. Nevada has ranges for every gun, even miniguns. All right, minigun's expensive. I'm literally a Looney Tunes character. I'm so mean. I'm so mean. I'm gonna cry. Tonight, I'm gonna go to bed, and your words will echo in my head, and then I'll have nightmares. Jelly's a Looney Tunes character. Jelly's a Looney Tunes character.  I'm gonna wake up tomorrow, and I'm gonna become big chongus. Do not have minigun. Minigun's like 5k for 10 seconds or so. Jesus Christ. 

At least you're not Tenma and Clara's level of weirdness when talking about boyfriend and crushes.
 What the freak? What the hell, dude? They can leave him in a super. Bro. What the heck do you mean?  Yes! Take your freaking meds and go to therapy. I tried to save you. I don't need saving. I don't need saving. How happy? Jelly, just because there's a goalkeeper...  Doesn't mean you shouldn't try to score. What? Hey chat! If I say congratulations on your marriage...  Do I have a cock fetish? What the hell do you guys even mean? What are you even talking about? What are you guys even talking about? 

Hint of cuckness
 But instead of your lungs becoming black, it's your brain. Rotting and melting into a goopy... Into a goopy, disgusting puddle of flesh and blood. Dang it, eagle. Hint of cockness.  What? What? Jesus. We're the most normal of chats and phase? I wouldn't know. I wouldn't know. Every hotel room has a jelly host. What the heck are you guys even talking about? You guys are insane. You have such a way with the words, jelly.  Thank you. I feel like I've gotten better at English since we first met. I think I was way worse... Putting my...  Way worse at putting my thoughts into words. Like a year ago. Crazy? I was crazy once. They put me in a room. A brain rot room. What? What? What? What? What?  I think you guys can be pretty funny sometimes. 

I recommend you listening to Break Up In A Small Town from Sam Hunt. It's about a guy getting NTR by his circles of friends.
 No? You think shipping is like a...  Is like a woman thing? I recommend you listening to Break Up in a Small Town from Sam Hunt? I don't want to listen to...  I don't want to listen to an NTR song. Yeah. It's a woman thing. Shipping is a woman thing. Today...  Today I learned. Today I learned. Not nearly as crazy. Ruby and Aqua are my favorite ship. That's pretty funny. I don't want to talk about the anime. You know it's ending in like two more episodes? I'm going to strangle somebody. Just another female flaw. True. God.  Who do I...  Who do I even ship? Who do I even ship? Who do I even ship? Anyone who said they've never shipped anyone is a male and is a goddamn liar. Never trust them. They ship women all the time. Is that true chat? Chat. Is that true? Is that true? 

Anyone who said they never shipped anyone and is a male is a god damn liar never trust them, they ship women all the time 
 Who do I even ship? Who do I even ship? Anyone who said they've never shipped anyone is a male and is a goddamn liar. Never trust them. They ship women all the time. Is that true chat? Chat. Is that true? Is that true? You ship women? Is that true? You ship...  You ship me and Lumi? Is that true? No.  No. No, it's not true? No? Okay. Women with women? Yeah, yeah. Women with women is fine. I see it. I respect it. I see the vision. I see the vision. I ship USPS. I wish you the best of luck. You don't dream about the other girls? I...  I...  I... I... I...  I... I...  I...  I... I... 

Jelly, I promise you it's a great song. Please!!!
 I...  I...  I...  I...  I... I... I...  I...  I...  Why do I even ship? I'm like a disgusting Yumei Joe, so I can't say what I ship. I don't think I do a lot of shipping. Never trust chat, but it's in my blood. I'm just conditioned to do so. I'm just conditioned to do so. Ardemy, thank you. Ashix Charizard. Whatever makes you happy. As long as you're not hurting anybody with your ship. Bathtob X toaster. 

I love my mentally ill woman.
 At one point in their life. And you have to be...  A certain personality type. To audition. For a VTuber company. Like I'm not saying we're all the same. I'm saying that we've all been through some crap. I'm projecting. I'm projecting. This is a complete projection. But I'm gonna project anyway. For Faizu me.  I mean...  I mean... I mean a lot of...  I don't mean just Faiz. Stereotyping? It's a stereotype! But stereotypes exist for a reason! 212x399. I'm not doing that! The sad case of playing League of Legends. For sure. Yeah, and...  It's the same with the viewers. Right? Because you have to be a certain type of person to chat in the VTuber stream. Right? You have to be like a certain personality type to watch VTubers. 

the sad case of playing league of legends 
 Stereotyping? It's a stereotype! But stereotypes exist for a reason! 212x399. I'm not doing that! The sad case of playing League of Legends. For sure. Yeah, and...  It's the same with the viewers. Right? Because you have to be a certain type of person to chat in the VTuber stream. Right? You have to be like a certain personality type to watch VTubers. Right? So we're all...  Similar in a way. Right? Don't call me out like this. It's not a bad thing. You're just similar to a lot of...  A lot of us. You know? I'm not cooking you, dude. I'm projecting. It's different. Right? We all have to be a certain type of person to watch a VTuber and to chat in a VTuber stream. And to form a connection with them. Does that make sense? Not...  I'm not saying you're depressed. No. 

Are you saying we have to go through a Phase in order to Connect with you?
 Uh...  We all listen to emo rock. We all listen to emo rock. Thank you. This is my favorite super. Thank you, ferocious kids. I'm at a five. Are you saying we have to go through a phase in order to connect with you? Are you trying to ship us?  I'm not trying to ship you guys. Emo rock sucks? You suck! Emo rock does not suck. I've been yapping for like half an hour. I've been yapping for two hours. I've been yapping for two hours. Yeah, you take that back, bro. Emo rock does not suck.  You're not one of us. We have an impersonator. Are you trying to hook up...  Are you trying to hook up chat with chat? No! I'm just saying you guys should be friends. Okay.  This is another thing I'm...  I'm pissed off about. This is another thing I get really mad about. Thank you, Tony, for the super. How square can you make your head? This is...  I can only make my head round. 

Are you trying to ship us?
 Thank you. This is my favorite super. Thank you, ferocious kids. I'm at a five. Are you saying we have to go through a phase in order to connect with you? Are you trying to ship us?  I'm not trying to ship you guys. Emo rock sucks? You suck! Emo rock does not suck. I've been yapping for like half an hour. I've been yapping for two hours. I've been yapping for two hours. Yeah, you take that back, bro. Emo rock does not suck.  You're not one of us. We have an impersonator. Are you trying to hook up...  Are you trying to hook up chat with chat? No! I'm just saying you guys should be friends. Okay.  This is another thing I'm...  I'm pissed off about. This is another thing I get really mad about. Thank you, Tony, for the super. How square can you make your head? This is...  I can only make my head round. Thank you, Iris. Official time for the super. Okay, anyways. Here, let me rant. All right, let me rant. I freaking...  I'm so freaking sick of people that ship... 

how square can you make your head, you look very pasteable on a minecraft slime
 Emo rock does not suck.  You're not one of us. We have an impersonator. Are you trying to hook up...  Are you trying to hook up chat with chat? No! I'm just saying you guys should be friends. Okay.  This is another thing I'm...  I'm pissed off about. This is another thing I get really mad about. Thank you, Tony, for the super. How square can you make your head? This is...  I can only make my head round. Thank you, Iris. Official time for the super. Okay, anyways. Here, let me rant. All right, let me rant. I freaking...  I'm so freaking sick of people that ship... That ship two characters... That heavily...  Like...  Okay. Let me rephrase this because it's kind of sensitive. Don't want to piss anybody off. I am...  Sick and tired... Of... People...  Who say... Oh my god, they're so gay! 

Whatt kind of glue do you guys huff?
 Are you trying to hook up...  Are you trying to hook up chat with chat? No! I'm just saying you guys should be friends. Okay.  This is another thing I'm...  I'm pissed off about. This is another thing I get really mad about. Thank you, Tony, for the super. How square can you make your head? This is...  I can only make my head round. Thank you, Iris. Official time for the super. Okay, anyways. Here, let me rant. All right, let me rant. I freaking...  I'm so freaking sick of people that ship... That ship two characters... That heavily...  Like...  Okay. Let me rephrase this because it's kind of sensitive. Don't want to piss anybody off. I am...  Sick and tired... Of... People...  Who say... Oh my god, they're so gay! When they're obviously doing something that friends do. I said it. 

alot of us don't have any friends. how would we know?
 Like, shut the heck up! Thank you, Malcolm, for the soup! Ah! Nine-nine comments say...  Based. Once they fired...  You read fired. Yeah. It's...  I don't know. I think that's...  I think it's...  Yeah, I mean...  Why would I say things that are...  Why would I say...  A bunch of comments that are...  In...  Support of me. Right? A lot of us don't have any friends now. We know... I guess this applies a lot less to, like...  Real situations. It's like...  It's like fictional situations. Like anime. I mean, I'm totally hypocritical for saying this. Because I used to...  I used to do the same thing. But...  But yeah. At least I don't push canonically gay. You know. Those people have nothing else to live for. And no real life friendships. I don't know. I just really like...  I just really like looking at things.  That makes me angry. I just really like looking at... Like...  It's like...  I'm not actually like...  It's not actually like...  My day is like ruined. 

NO! My jorb collection's value will plummet...
 Make it slower so it looks like it's rolling. I don't know if I can do that, man. Thank you, Spider Dude, for the super! No! My drawer collection's value will plummet! I can make it go backwards. A little bit slowly. Jelly, please stare into the webcam. Thank you, Lihaw! Fire at 52! Thank you, Lihaw! I'm going to eat the super. The JORPs have spoken. Thank you, Lihaw! I really appreciate it! Take care! Are the JORPs speaking?  I would know. I want... A jube! 

They see Jorb rollin' and they hatin'. Anything for the Jorb 
 Man. Halloween? Man. I'm not really good at scary games, though. I don't know what to do for Halloween.  I'm just...  I'm just...  I'm just ignoring it. And hopefully it goes away. Thank you, sign for the super. They see jarb rolling in their hand. Anything for the jarb. I should...  I should...  I should dress up for Halloween. Yeah, I think I'll dress up for Halloween. I'll come back with you with a...  With a...  With a dress up for Halloween. What do you guys think I should dress up as for Halloween? Halloween? Karaoke? Good idea. I'll think about it. A woman. But I'm a woman every day. It's not special. A monkey! A successful CEO. 

If you need a horror game suggestion, Voices of the Void I think would be up your alley
 Don't go to Paris. Why? But it's a city of romance. It's a place of romance. People propose under the Eiffel Tower all the time. Voices of the Void, I think, would be up your alley. That sounds interesting. Voices of the Void. I'll think about it. Jelly, who was it? You're not going to get me to say it. Nice try. You're not going to get me to say it. I'm literally white as a sheet. You cannot get me to say it, bro. It's literally suicide. It's carrier suicide. Okay. Anyways. I was talking about...  I was talking about...  I was talking about...  Couples, okay? Couples in Paris. You're cool, my love? Thank you, Statici, for 10 months. 

It's simple, France is the one with Napoleon, Italy is the one with the Mafia
 Now I look weird. Fix my hair? I can't fix it, dude! Terror is the one who's supposed to fix it. France is the one who's in Napoleon. Italy is the one with the mafia. I see. I see.  I'm gonna pretend I see. I'm gonna pretend I see. I'm gonna pretend I see. I don't actually see. Ah! It's dark! Ah! It's dark! Ah! Ah! Ah! It's too dark! Ah! We're in the void! And Agnes! And Agnes is gonna consume me! Ah! Chat's like so small. Alright. And then we have the...  We have the droid...  Why is the droid...  Do they all look like this now? They all look like that! 

Praise Dear Leader Jerry, Accept Our Outer Space Overlord #Not A Jult
 Dealing with people can be unpleasant...  But people themselves can never be awful or horrible. No way. Some people are just born...  Born...  Born bad. Thank you so much, super! No way, dude. People are...  Some people are literally just bad to the core. Which is more true of you. I've been known to let administrative things...  Like insurance and tax returns...  Fall through the cracks. I'm somewhat compulsive...  About staying on top of administrative things...  Like insurance and tax returns. What does this mean? Like I do my taxes...  And I do administrative things...  Like insurance. This is...  This means I forget to do them...  And this means I... This means I...  This means I forget...  And this means I don't forget... Jelly, do you think some people are better than others? 

Jelly, do you think some people are better than others?
 This means I...  This means I forget...  And this means I don't forget... Jelly, do you think some people are better than others? Yeah, straight up. They're just born different. You pay your bills on time. Yeah, the first. All the time. I would rather be familiar and conversant...  With all manner of different ideas... Or pursue a select few ideas...  Or interests...  Until I feel like...  Feel that I have mastered them...  All the way from top to bottom. I guess this...  I'm good at...  I like to be versatile. I like to be versatile. Hi, how's it going? I'm good, man. I'm just doing the murderous villain test...  Because somebody in chat told me to. 

You could just ask Fishman and tell him it's business expenses and have Phase shipped it to your doorstep.
 I move at a very fast pace. To make sure I don't get bored. I move at a deliberate pace. To make sure I can concentrate. Thank you. But that's not the problem. That's not the problem here. The problem is. The problem is. The problem is. The problem is. Me. The problem is. I would rather read a book about philosophy. Do you know how little that narrows it down? What do you mean? What do you mean by that?  Just request like five plushies so they won't know who is the actual one. 

just request like 5 plushies so they won't know who is the actual one 
 What do you mean? What do you mean by that?  Just request like five plushies so they won't know who is the actual one. I'll think about it. I'll think about it.  I'm getting a middleman. It's pretty good. It's a pretty good... Yeah, getting a middleman is pretty good. Okay. Why would I read a book about sports? I don't care about sports. Which is more true of you. Sometimes things aren't really true for me until I've read them in a book. Sometimes things aren't really true for me until I've experienced them myself. The best guide to human action is principles. Otherwise, people could justify anything. Values. It is important to be authentic about who you are. What is principles and what is values? Truth? Worth? Wait, what? Isn't this the same thing? Judgment? 

oh before I forget, are you planning to play more awful games with cringe writing like dragon age veilguard
 Worth? Wait, what? Isn't this the same thing? Judgment? Principles or rules? Okay. Rules are crazy important. Thank you, Sanake for the soup.  What? I'm trying to play more awful games with cringe writing like Dragon Age Veil Guard. You know, flaming games publicly on stream? Completely transparent here. But flaming games publicly on stream is not that great for a streamer.  Because, especially a streamer my size. Because it's basically...  I don't know. I think... I think... It... Is a bad look. For sponsorships? And I kind of want sponsorships. So I don't...  I would rather not like, you know, blow myself up. Old school ads are at least funny. Now they're dull and preachy. One after the other. Over and over. Makes me want to avoid the brand. Thank you for the soupa. Makes sense. Yeah, it makes me a brand risk. And I'm...  I'm under face connect, right? 

Old School Ads were at least funny, Now they are Dull and Preachy, One After the Other, Over and Over, Makes me want avoid that Brand Bcuz F Them
 Because it's basically...  I don't know. I think... I think... It... Is a bad look. For sponsorships? And I kind of want sponsorships. So I don't...  I would rather not like, you know, blow myself up. Old school ads are at least funny. Now they're dull and preachy. One after the other. Over and over. Makes me want to avoid the brand. Thank you for the soupa. Makes sense. Yeah, it makes me a brand risk. And I'm...  I'm under face connect, right? I don't...  I wouldn't want to like...  I wouldn't want to...  I wouldn't want to ruin anything. You know? In general, I think that more of society as well should be taxed from the rich and... 

its ok when a women does it 
 I ask someone a question and get impatient when they don't match my conversational pace. Dang it, I ate of a suma. It's okay when a woman does it. Like what, murder? I don't...  I don't...  I don't...  I don't... None of this is true. This is not...  None of this is true. Philosophy is kind of pointless. Yeah. People are generally oversensitive and tend to make big fusses over things that don't really matter. So true. No! When solving a problem, I prefer to... Steer directly towards accomplishing the goal and bringing the task to completion. Or keep my options open. Maybe something unexpected will come along. 

Our dear leader Jerry Jihad please accept this offering 
 I don't think I'm a funny person.  Dear leader Jerry Jihad, please accept this offering. Could have been worse. Could have been. Could have been worse? Yeah. Could have been Hitler. Could have been Hitler. Could have been, you're the most like Hitler  and then I would have, I would have died. Yep. Yeah, could have been, could have been worse. Okay, what does it say, dude? Words of warning. Have you ever found yourself so annoyed with people  who did things at a slow and inefficient pace  that you snapped and treated them more cruelly  than you really intended to? 

i'd let you final solution me 
 Demanded a level of efficiency and work ethic of others  that they might not have been capable of delivering  which was not natural to them? Oops. Use their natural leadership and organizational skills  to claim the man to assert yourself as leader of something  without making sure that this was in accordance  of the wishes of the other parties involved. Okay, not yet. Exhibited intense loyalty to your friends and family  and put your resources and cunning to the work of aiding them  even when they might not have deserved it. Actually, close. I've been so frustrated with the lack of definitive closure  in a situation that you acted rashly and forced a conclusion  even though it might not have been the one you desired. Oops. I let you final solution me. Awesome. More energetic and quicker to act? Someone who has a greater number of friends than the average person? I would say acquaintances. Actually, no, dude. I have like 10. Under 10. 

So, when is this new Arc of Jerry starting? 
 Actually, no, dude. I have like 10. Under 10. Acquaintances. I don't even know. What the heck?  I don't even get daily DMs. So when is this new arc of Jerry starting? More assertive in social situations? I don't know. ASMR POV jelly hides from drone strikes in a hole, RP. Someone who is more excitement seeking.  Okay. True? More planful? True? Higher GPA in school? True? Less likely than the average person  to ever have cheated on your homework, exams, or a loved one? I didn't cheat. I don't cheat. I didn't cheat in any of my exams  until online learning became a thing. Only when they decided, hey, do your tests at home, only then 

ASMR POV Jelly hides from drone strikes in an hole RP
 Actually, no, dude. I have like 10. Under 10. Acquaintances. I don't even know. What the heck?  I don't even get daily DMs. So when is this new arc of Jerry starting? More assertive in social situations? I don't know. ASMR POV jelly hides from drone strikes in a hole, RP. Someone who is more excitement seeking.  Okay. True? More planful? True? Higher GPA in school? True? Less likely than the average person  to ever have cheated on your homework, exams, or a loved one? I didn't cheat. I don't cheat. I didn't cheat in any of my exams  until online learning became a thing. Only when they decided, hey, do your tests at home, only then 

local alien too angry to die 
 Okay, now you guys are gonna want me to do this. I can't skip this one. I've done this already? Have I done this? Thank you, Eagle! Local alien too angry to die? Yeah, I have to kill people before I kill myself. I've done this. I've done this. Have I actually? Do I do it again? We know the answer? Was it a different one? I think it's a different one. I've had it hard to make new friends. Dude, I feel like I've done this before. Am I? In middle. No. I struggle with organizing my thoughts  in writing or speaking. I just like making eye contact. I never make eye contact. I get upset and irritated easily. 

The only quick witted jokes I make are the ones HR also want to hear.
 Do I do this? It's 110 questions  It's 110 questions Ghostbear  I give it a 5  Thank you The only quick witted jokes I make  Are the ones HR also want to hear  True Okay  110  Too many questions Too many questions Multi-phasic personality type test  A hundred and fu- Internal tormentors What are your tormentors? I would never put someone down by talking ill of them behind their back I only talk ill of somebody if I'm not their friend I would talk ill of them in front of their face So yeah What is this? Put someone down? Yeah 

typical woman, bought with money
 She actually is  Saddam Hussein Typical woman  Bought with money  Okay  Typical woman Okay Okay  Look True? I'm rubbing my chin  As if I have anything  On my chin I'm rubbing my chin  As if you can see it True? True? True? I mean  I mean I mean it would be  It would be stupid  To not take the money It would be stupid It would be stupid  To not take the money I would say in the middle  Because it's a pretty high bar Yeah  It's exactly that email  True  True 

Money buys happiness, also a new cable
 Textbook read  Yeah basically  I want to buy this  And I want to buy that Money buys happiness  Also a new cable Yeah man  Basically Did you get a  Two hundred super  Yesterday But that goes to my  But that goes to my  Bills  And my rent  I can't  I can't have  I don't know  Maybe I just like  Saving  Maybe I just really  Like saving I put like  I put  I put  I put a chunk  I put like a percentage  Of my  Earnings  Into my savings  So  It leaves me  With not a lot  To spend  And I don't really  Touch that  Savings  Because  It's for like  Emergency Uses Emergency usage So I don't  Wanna  I don't wanna  Like go  I don't wanna  Spend that  Money  Because I might  Need it in the future You know I like to see  Number go up 

I don't believe you, so here is what I can offer jelly lmao, and you're the best.
 You know  What if I break  Both my legs  And then I break  My wrist too  And I have to pay  For a hospital ride  And I have to pay  For hospital days What if I don't  Have enough  For that Like fridge cases I don't believe you  So here's what  I can offer  Jelly Lamont  You're the best  Thank you I guess I could  Buy that $200  Plugin  But I don't  Need it  Unless I have  Like  I don't want  To buy it  Unless I have  Like disposable  Income Whatever you have  Saved up  Is definitely  Not enough Yeah I don't know  How much it costs  And I'm worried  About those things Yeah Yeah  Like  Sometimes I see  Like  What if  What if my  What if my family  Suddenly dies  And I don't have  Anything And then I would  Have to Pay for stuff It's scary So Insurance 

Reformed into being cold-blooded
 Thank  You  For  The  Super  What  Reform  Into  Being  Cold  Blood  I'm  Not  Cold  Blood I'm  Not  Cold  Blood  I Think  I'm  Pretty  Normal Thanks  For  The  Stream  Thank  Y'all Thank  Y'all  What  Was  The  Stream  Bro  Dude  What  Was  The  Stream  Bro  I  Don't  Even  Know  Myself  I  Couldn't  Tell  Ya I  Couldn't  Tell  Ya I  Didn't  Really  Don't Couldn't  Tell  You  Bro  So  Simple  Thank  You  For  The  Super  Bye  Daily  Heart  Thank  You It's  Fun  Catching  Up  It  Was  Fun  Doing  What  You  Call  Catching  Up  It  Was  Fun It  Was  Fun  The  Yapping  Stream  The  The 

Can you tell us more about this pain you would like to inflict Mistress Jelly?
 Monday  Or  Tuesday  Pick  One  I'll  Pick  Too  Bad I  You  Arc  Light  For  The  Super Can  You  Tell  Us  More  About  This  Pain  You  Would  Like  To  Inflict  I  Don't  I  Don't  I  Wouldn't  Like  To  Inflict  Anything  I  Just  Said  That  I  Willing  To  Cooperate Cooperate Thank  You  Karma  For  Five I  Learned  So  Much  About  My  Kamiyoshi  Today  You  Did I  Don't  Think  You  Should You  Know  Take  Too  Much  Into Consideration  You Yeah Yeah  Yeah This  Are  Four  Hours  Of  Jelly  Lore I  Did  Lore I  Never  Remember  What  I  Said  Thank  You  Ardemy  For  So  Pa Thank  You  Jelly  Is  A  Ruthless  Warlord  That  Backstabs  Anyone  To  Achieve  Her  Goals  And  Money Wouldn't  Anybody  Some  People  Have  Morals  I  Guess  But  What  Are  Those  Morals  Based  Off  Of 

i learned so much about my kamioshi today
 Monday  Or  Tuesday  Pick  One  I'll  Pick  Too  Bad I  You  Arc  Light  For  The  Super Can  You  Tell  Us  More  About  This  Pain  You  Would  Like  To  Inflict  I  Don't  I  Don't  I  Wouldn't  Like  To  Inflict  Anything  I  Just  Said  That  I  Willing  To  Cooperate Cooperate Thank  You  Karma  For  Five I  Learned  So  Much  About  My  Kamiyoshi  Today  You  Did I  Don't  Think  You  Should You  Know  Take  Too  Much  Into Consideration  You Yeah Yeah  Yeah This  Are  Four  Hours  Of  Jelly  Lore I  Did  Lore I  Never  Remember  What  I  Said  Thank  You  Ardemy  For  So  Pa Thank  You  Jelly  Is  A  Ruthless  Warlord  That  Backstabs  Anyone  To  Achieve  Her  Goals  And  Money Wouldn't  Anybody  Some  People  Have  Morals  I  Guess  But  What  Are  Those  Morals  Based  Off  Of 

i just got paid lez fkin gooo! also jerry i have to let you know, you live rent free in my head you squeaky funny blue thing
 Like  Good  Friend  Like  Like  Good  Friend  Experience You  Do  GFE  I  Do I  Don't  I  Don't  I  Don't  I  Think  So  Bad  Anything  I  Just Got  Payless  Freaking  Go  You  Have  To  Know  You  Live  Rent  Free  My  Head  You  Squeaky  Funny  Blue  Thing  Ah  Thank  You  A  Part  Of  Me  Is  In  Your  Head  Girl  Failure  Exp  Ah I  See I  See I  Get  It  I  Get  It  Now It's  The  Same  Yeah  Anyways Anyways  Yeah  That's  Gonna  Be  It  Can  We  Have  More  Job You  You  Ask  For  So  Much There  Is  That  Enough  For  You  Joe  Rogan  Experience  Something  Like  That  Whatever  Makes  Makes You  Happy  Thank  You  Everybody  I  Should  Hold on  Hold on  I  Should 

also would you be ok if i make a stellaris mod with you in it?
 Is  That  What  You  Is  That  What  You  Me  By  Eating  Healthy  Thank  You  Le  For  The  Twenty You  You  You  You  Look  Cute  Thank  You Thank You Bad  Anything  They  Give  It  Super  Would  You  Be  Okay  If  I  Made  A  Stellarist  Mod  With  You  In  It  I  Would  Be  More  Than  Okay That  Be  Awesome  I'll  Check  It  Out I  Will  Check  It  Out  Either  In  My  Own  Time  Or  On  Stream It  Sounds  Very  Cool I  Could  Hear  Yapping  While  I  Was  Sleeping  Good  Morning Came  Forever  Stayed  For  The  Memes Left  For  The  Therapy  Session How  Did  You  Get  That  I'm  Going  To  McDonald's  You  Guys  Want  Anything I Want  McDonald's  Stop  You're  Tempting  Me  Sad  Girl  Dinner  Yeah  Sometimes  You  Know  Sometimes  You  Just  Gotta  Sometimes  You  Just  Gotta  You  Just  Gotta You  Just Gotta 

Sad girl dinner 
 I  Will  Check  It  Out  Either  In  My  Own  Time  Or  On  Stream It  Sounds  Very  Cool I  Could  Hear  Yapping  While  I  Was  Sleeping  Good  Morning Came  Forever  Stayed  For  The  Memes Left  For  The  Therapy  Session How  Did  You  Get  That  I'm  Going  To  McDonald's  You  Guys  Want  Anything I Want  McDonald's  Stop  You're  Tempting  Me  Sad  Girl  Dinner  Yeah  Sometimes  You  Know  Sometimes  You  Just  Gotta  Sometimes  You  Just  Gotta  You  Just  Gotta You  Just Gotta Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes  You  Just  Lazy Sometimes  I  Just  Don't  Want  To  Move  So  I'm  Gonna  Microwave  Some  Noodles If  You're  Getting  If  You're  Going  To  McDonald's  Can  Have  The  20  Nuggets  For  20 Wait  How  Much  Was  It  20  20  Nuggets  For  How  Much  5 

McFlurry but the ice cream machine is probably broken and the 30 cent cone is now 60 cents 
 McFlurry but the ice cream machine is probably broken I hate inflation  20 nuggets plus fries 20 nuggets plus fries  20 nuggets plus fries  20 nuggets plus fries For 12  Can I get that? I want 5 fries  It's not that one's not hard  Are you smelling something burning? I'm good  20 nuggets plus fries  Why do I keep saying that? What? Fries 20 nuggets and fries 20 nuggets and fries Plus is the curse word 

are you smelling something burning?
 For 12  Can I get that? I want 5 fries  It's not that one's not hard  Are you smelling something burning? I'm good  20 nuggets plus fries  Why do I keep saying that? What? Fries 20 nuggets and fries 20 nuggets and fries Plus is the curse word 20 nuggets and fries Sorry I got a stroke Sorry, sorry, sorry twerits Not actually  You want some extra fries with that? I don't want fries  Fries Fries  Fries  Fries Fries at Freddy's Okay Thank you time for the soup  Ah  Just put the fries in the bag bro Alright  Anyways  Thank you guys for coming out  See you next time  Bye bye bye bye bye 

