I haven't beaten a solo run of Empress of Light Day; how I've only done it with like a group of friends like three of us.

Empress of light day has anybody beaten a solo? Can you raise your hand?

Yeah, I've only beaten it with friends. I haven't beaten it solo; it's crazy.

You have solo dude, what somebody's a gamer? Somebody's crazy, you did somebody's a gamer well honestly if you've like died to it 100 times it doesn't get a little bit less difficult; it's basically just too hard.

It's yeah it's kind of unfun. It's kind of annoying it's especially annoying when they just spawn the spawn the um what is that? The Flying Swords or the flying streaks of light on you and you're like all right man guess I'll just die multiple times in empresses of light day 100 times.

I remember what it is but yeah, it's been a while. It's been a while maybe it's been like a year. Yeah, it's so cool! Ah terar is so cool to see! It's so fun; it's especially fun when like you take screenshots of your base and you watch it grow and stuff.

Man man what's a Fargo Souls? probably have but I just don't remember his name let me see thank you Super Chat, Dusty Fargo mods oh yeah I probably have let me are there any pictures I probably have just don't remember it's really really been a while so yeah okay.

Anyways anyways anyways, I'll see you guys tomorrow same time as today uh 30 minutes earlier actually mhm what the heck is an aridus? Why does he look like that? why does he look like a guy I remember guys in my Terraria okay anyways um thank you thank you for coming thank you guys thank you guys what if it did like a what if it did like a membership membership server I'll host one, I'll buy one we going have a membership server like a couple people Minecraft membership server for for for Terraria that would be fun; I wouldn't mind. Would you guys mine for me and you do all the mining? Yeah, you'll do all the mining I'll just do the boss fighting might be a little packed yeah true and somebody's going to join with their level 100 level with their 100 hour character didn't go well man maybe Minecraft Minecraft would be better ping. Yeah I just want to play with people who have like the same amount of insanity and interest as me what if I just put all of you in like would you all cooperate if I put all of you in a Minecraft server like example all the mod 9 I'll just I'll just spectate you, I I'll be like Lord I'll be king I'll be unkillable but I'll still be in Creative mode; I mean I'll still be in survival mode. Would you all work together to make a reactor would you really you wouldn't withhold diamonds that somebody else needs right now I'm not playing God I'm playing I'm uh King same thing mine colonies boo my Carney sucks. I think play it once I couldn't get into it, it's kind of weird it's just strange.

You know our diamonds I'd have to get some plugins for the server though had run it vanilla I'll consider it I'll consider it I I'll look at how to make it work too.

Okay anyways thank you guys for coming today. I will see you tomorrow byebye my hands are not working ah okay bye goodbye for now I give up bye goodbyes for now I'll see you again so don't feel down. Okay come hang out the next time I'm here, I'll be around dear you miss me no I'll miss you too so we meet again tell me I love you goodbye for now I'll see you again so don't feel okay come hang out the next time I'm here I'll be around my dear

